If you're opening this in Notepad:
It may be easier to read with Word Wrap enabled.
On Windows 10: Click Format > Word Wrap
On Windows 11: Click View > Word Wrap

Thanks for helping test OverStim!

Every time you launch OverStim, you must first launch Intiface Central and start the Intiface server by clicking the big blue play button. This must be done before opening OverStim.

The emergency stop key combo is CTRL-SHIFT-WINDOWS. For most people, these are the three bottom left keys on their keyboard. If you panic, just smack that corner of your keyboard.
PLEASE TEST THE EMERGENCY STOP TO MAKE SURE IT WORKS ON YOUR COMPUTER BEFORE RELYING ON IT.

Before running OverStim for the first time, you should open the config file to see what's inside.
OverStim is highly customizable. Some features come disabled by default, and all features can be tweaked as per your preferences.
Settings you might want to change:

MAX_VIBE_INTENSITY:
If you have a powerful toy, 100% intensity might be too much.
You can use this setting to limit the maximum vibration intensity.
The example below shows how to limit it to 80%. Remember to change it in the config file, not here.
MAX_VIBE_INTENSITY = 0.8

We have an OverStim channel in this server: https://discord.gg/AVpcVhQQhu (graciously hosted by Furi; the developer of In Heat, Underwatch, and Buttplug of Legends. You can find their projects in there too!)
Feedback, bug reports, feature requests, and ideas are all encouraged and can be submitted via Discord or GitHub.
I'm currently trying to collect as many ideas as possible, so don't be shy! Our only limit is what can be visually detected. To see my future plans, check the pins in the Discord.

Known Issues:
- Some features don't work with colourblind settings enabled.
- Doesn't work at aspect ratios other than 16:9.
- High latency to the game server causes Mercy's beam to reconnect to people slower when switching beam types. This can cause temporary gaps in vibration.
- Only Windows is officially supported (join the Discord if you want Linux support, one guy managed to get it working).
